## Meeting - Monday 8th February 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- PR review
- Issue Review
    - [Supporting deterministic signatures](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/43)
    - [Interop profile for use with BLS12-381](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/46)
    - [Message Generator Creation Method](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/38)
    - [Holder binding](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/37)
    - [Variable and function naming](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/25)

### Attendees

- Andrew Whitehead
- Vasileios Kalos
- Christian Paquin
- Jeremie Miller
- David Waite
- Mike Lodder

### Notes

Reviewed the above PR's
