## Meeting - Monday 13th September 2021 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, Agenda Review, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- Agree meeting cadence
- Brief review of current draft
- Agree ways of working

### Attendees

- Mike Lodder
- Tobias Looker
- Andrew Whitehead

### Notes

Opened issues
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/1
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/2
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/3
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/4
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/5
- https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/6