## Meeting - Monday 5th April 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- PR review
    - [Collapsing random element generation](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/92)
    - [[PROPOSAL] refactor key generation procedure](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/87)
    - [Change usages of HASH function to use XOF](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/84)
- Issue Review

### Attendees

- Christian Paquin (MSR)
- Jeremie Miller (Ping Identity)
- Andrew Whitehead
- David Waite (Ping Identity)
- Vasileios Kalos (MATTR)
- Brian Richer

### Notes

Merged [Collapsing random element generation](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/92)

Discussed closing
- [[PROPOSAL] refactor key generation procedure](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/87)
- [Change usages of HASH function to use XOF](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/84)
