## Meeting - Monday 24th January 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Annoucments
    - Request to present at interoperability WG (DW)
- Agenda bashing
- PR review
    - https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/17
- Issue Review
    - Data encoding
    - Default generators
-

### Attendees

* Jeremie Miller
* Mike Lodder
* Martin Schanzenbach
* Vasileios Kalos
* Brian Ritcher
* Christian Paquin
* David Waite
* Jeremie Miller
* Juan Caballero
* Seth Back
* Tomislav Markovski

### Notes

- Discussed the nonce PR, suggestion is to rename this to presentation message instead to reduce confusion
- Mikes proposal for flexible message encoding (https://hackmd.io/Q587Q9p7T5ab30NTn4MvTA#Data-Encoding)
