## Meeting - Monday 7th March 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- PR review
    - [Add message mapping to scalar](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/61)
    - [Document generator creation procedure](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/71)
    - [Auto create message generators](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/72)
- Issue Review
    - [Adding the revealed messages to the challenge to avoid forgery](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/74)
    - [Deterministic SPK](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/73)
    - [Simpler SpkGen option](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/70)
    - [Named message generators](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/68)

### Attendees

- David Waite
- Vasileios Kalos
- Christian Paquin
- Andrew Whitehead

### Notes

[Add message mapping to scalar](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/61)

- Needs to be extendable
- Mapping procedure tied to a protocol identifier?
