## Meeting - Monday 23th May 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- Other items
    - CFRG proposal progress, spoken with the chairs who have offered for us to present at IETF 114
    - Important reminder we must have an initial draft submitted into the IETF data tracker by 11th of July according to https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/114/important-dates/
- PR review
    - [Updates the sign procedure](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/135)
    - [Use of hash_to_scalar](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/142)
    - [API Update](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/138)
    - [Minor tweak to CreateGenerators](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/145)
    - [Editorial Updates](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/152)
    - [Alternative hash_to_scalar without xof](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/151)
- Issue Review

### Attendees

- Vasileios Kalos

### Notes

Merged
    - [Updates the sign procedure](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/135)
    - [Use of hash_to_scalar](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/142)
