## Meeting - Monday 18th April 2022 - (6pm UTC)

### Chair

Tobias Looker

### Agenda

- IPR reminder, and Introductions
- Agenda bashing
- PR review
    - [Add signature dst](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/95)
    - [Encoding for elements to be hashed](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/97)
    - [Adding hash-to-scalar function](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/pull/101)
- Issue Review
    - [Handling information that must always be revealed in signature proof](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/102)

### Attendees

- Mike Lodder (CryptID)
- Christian Paquin (MSR)
- Vasileios Kalos (Mattr)
- Jeremie Miller (Ping)
- David Waite (Ping)

### Notes

Discussed open PR's, feedback given during the call that will be incoperated into an update.

Issue 102 was discussed at length, group agreed that we should proceed with a cryptographically enforce-able mechanism for this and PR 95 will be update to accomodate this.
